SMW Player Tilemap Editor
1.1

Programmed by Smallhacker

--------------------------------
SMWPTE is a program made by Smallhacker which allows you to edit Mario's
tilemap (choosing tiles to use for different "poses").

When opening the program, input the ROM's file name (and path if
neccesary), followed by the path to a folder containing AllGFX.bin. (To
the folder, not the file itself.) This path will be saved in a file
called smwpte_set.dat and will be used in the future. (Deleting the file
allows you to choose another folder.)

In the editor itself, you can choose a pose from the menu on the right
side of the window. To see more poses, you can scroll through the list
with up and down on the keyboard. If your mouse have got a wheel, it can
be used as well. At the lower left corner, you can switch to another
powerup's tilemap. (Big and fiery uses the same one, though.) "Special"
contains 6 more poses (and 2 unused) stored outside the normal tilemaps.

The upper left corner contains a preview of the pose. Next to it is the
tilesset from which you can choose tiles. To the right of the tileset,
you'll find two tiles. The upper one is the "head tile". The lower one
is the "body tile". Note that certain poses (the flying poses for
instance) may store the head as a body tile.

Left clicking on a tile in the tileset changes the head tile to the tile
clicked on. Right clicking changes the body tile.

Pressing S saves all changes made since the program was started.

Please report bugs to Smallhacker.

QUESTION: Why can't I edit parts of the flying poses?
ANSWER:	  The extra tiles are stored in a different table and are
	  currently not supported.

Author contact information:

Email:	thesmallhacker@gmail.com     (primary)
	thesmallhacker@hotmail.com
MSN:	thesmallhacker@hotmail.com
AIM:	SmallhackerMIG

The author would like to thank:

mikeyk		  - Finding data
peter_ac      __  - I stol- err... borrowed his pose descriptions
Synthrax	\
Lyle		 \
The Kins	  } Motivation
Glyph Phoenix	 /
Techokami     __/
Juggling Joker	  - Giving me $1 (hint hint, JJ)

Version history:
1.1 - Added "Spin front" pose
1.0 - First release

The crap nobody reads:

Program copyrighted by Smallhacker. Graphics viewed by this program may
be copyrighted by Nintendo or other gaming companies. Super Mario and
Super Mario World are copyrighted by Nintendo. All rights reserved.
Smallhacker is in no way affilated with Nintendo. Smallhacker takes no
responsibility for damage to files and/or computers caused by the useage
of the progam.